README.md, before:

<div align="center">

  <img src="https://www.frontendmentor.io/static/images/logo-mobile.svg" alt="frontendmentor" width="80">

  <h2 align="center">Loopstudios Landing Page Solution</h2>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/loopstudios-landing-page-N88J5Onjw"><strong>Frontend Mentor Challenge</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/">View Demo</a>
    &nbsp;·&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/0xabdulkhalid/loopstudios-landing-page/issues">Report Bug</a>
    &nbsp;·&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/0xabdulkhalid/loopstudios-landing-page/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- Badges -->
<div align="center">
  <!-- Profiles -->
  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/0xabdulkhalid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Profile-0xAbdulKhalid-fefefe?style=for-the-badge&logo=frontendmentor" alt="Abdul Khalid's Profile">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <!-- Status -->
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-00CE80?style=for-the-badge" alt="Status Completed">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <!-- Difficulty -->
  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges?difficulties=1"  >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Difficulty-Junior-AAC745?style=for-the-badge&logo=frontendmentor" alt="Challenge Difficulty - Junior">
  </a>

</div>
<br />
<br />



## **Preview**

<div align='center'>
<img src='./design/preview.webp' alt='Loopstudios Landing Page solution preview image'>
</div>


<br>

## **Links**

- |||
  | :----- | :----- |
  | Solution URL: | [To be posted :hourglass_flowing_sand:](#link) |
  | Live Site URL: | [https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/](https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/) |
  |||

<br>

## The Challenge

- The challenge is to build out this Loopstudios Landing Page and get it looking as close to the design as possible.
- Users should be able to:
    - View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
    - Usage of Hamburger menu for mobile devices to display navigational links
    - See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

<br>


## **Built With**

 ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript%20-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)


<br>

## **Tools Used**

![Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/google-DA4437?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) &nbsp;  ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-1A2C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=F7BA3E) &nbsp; ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

<br>

## **Acknowledgment**

- Challenge was provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io)

<br>

## **Let's Connect 👋**

<div align=center>

  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/0xabdulkhalid" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin%20Profile-%2300acee.svg?color=405DE6&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Linkedin Profile">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/0xabdulkhalid" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FEM%20Profile-f8f9f8?style=for-the-badge&logo=Frontend-Mentor&logoColor=black" alt="Frontend-Mentor Profile">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <a href="https://www.github.com/0xabdulkhalid/" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Profile-131313?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Github Profile">
  </a>

</div>

<br>

Commit message:

docs: add pagespeed-insights score

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

  <img src="https://www.frontendmentor.io/static/images/logo-mobile.svg" alt="frontendmentor" width="80">

  <h2 align="center">Loopstudios Landing Page Solution</h2>
  <p align="center">
    <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/loopstudios-landing-page-N88J5Onjw"><strong>Frontend Mentor Challenge</strong></a>
    <br />
    <br />
    <a href="https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/">View Demo</a>
    &nbsp;·&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/0xabdulkhalid/loopstudios-landing-page/issues">Report Bug</a>
    &nbsp;·&nbsp;
    <a href="https://github.com/0xabdulkhalid/loopstudios-landing-page/issues">Request Feature</a>
  </p>
</div>

<!-- Badges -->
<div align="center">
  <!-- Profiles -->
  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/0xabdulkhalid">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Profile-0xAbdulKhalid-fefefe?style=for-the-badge&logo=frontendmentor" alt="Abdul Khalid's Profile">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <!-- Status -->
  <a href="#">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Status-Completed-00CE80?style=for-the-badge" alt="Status Completed">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <!-- Difficulty -->
  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges?difficulties=1"  >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Difficulty-Junior-AAC745?style=for-the-badge&logo=frontendmentor" alt="Challenge Difficulty - Junior">
  </a>

</div>
<br />
<br />



## **Preview**

<div align='center'>
<img src='./design/preview.webp' alt='Loopstudios Landing Page solution preview image'>
</div>


<br>

## **Links**

- |||
  | :----- | :----- |
  | Solution URL: | [To be posted :hourglass_flowing_sand:](#link) |
  | Live Site URL: | [https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/](https://0xabdulkhalid.github.io/loopstudios-landing-page/) |
  |||

<br>

## Pagespeed Insights Score:
  
- ||
  | :-----: |
  |  <b>Overall score 98.6% for Both Mobile & Desktop</b><br>(Below score is for mobile devices) |
  | |
  | <img src='./images/pagespeed-insights-score.svg' alt='Scoreboard'> |
  | |
  | Check out [**Pagespeed Insights**](https://pagespeed.web.dev/analysis/https-0xabdulkhalid-github-io-loopstudios-landing-page/knvnf771y3?form_factor=mobile) to get live score |
  ||

<br>

## The Challenge

- The challenge is to build out this Loopstudios Landing Page and get it looking as close to the design as possible.
- Users should be able to:
    - View the optimal layout for the site depending on their device's screen size
    - Usage of Hamburger menu for mobile devices to display navigational links
    - See hover states for all interactive elements on the page

<br>


## **Built With**

 ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript%20-%23F7DF1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)


<br>

## **Tools Used**

![Google](https://img.shields.io/badge/google-DA4437?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) &nbsp;  ![Prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/prettier-1A2C34?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=F7BA3E) &nbsp; ![Visual Studio Code](https://img.shields.io/badge/VS%20Code-0078d7.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white) &nbsp; ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)

<br>

## **Acknowledgment**

- Challenge was provided by [Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io)

<br>

## **Let's Connect 👋**

<div align=center>

  <a href="https://linkedin.com/in/0xabdulkhalid" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/linkedin%20Profile-%2300acee.svg?color=405DE6&style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" alt="Linkedin Profile">
  </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <a href="https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/0xabdulkhalid" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/FEM%20Profile-f8f9f8?style=for-the-badge&logo=Frontend-Mentor&logoColor=black" alt="Frontend-Mentor Profile">
  </a> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

  <a href="https://www.github.com/0xabdulkhalid/" >
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Github%20Profile-131313?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="Github Profile">
  </a>

</div>

<br>
